worthington what food have we got left
well it's white bread look more white
bread now I don't normally old with
racist food but this stuff's not bad
nothing happens have a dampens your
spirits does it was evicted those rain
clouds might hey look is is that a farm
up ahead why it is I wonder what they're
doing out in the rookie parcels it would
hmm let's go talk to them shall we he's
me sir there excuse excuse me but what
do you know about about the bear holding
a shocks they own the shack that's left
on the shot stole my babies oh really oh
gee I'm awfully sorry um we're actually
going on we're actually looking for the
bear holding a shark did it steal your
babies too no no not actually we're
actually just trying to videotape it so
we can get we're making a document
documentary you see man well why do you
want to know well just what do you know
of the bear holding a shock so if you
ever seen it a lot side all right almost
killed it what would you do what did you
kill with a slingshot a slingshot yes
yes a slingshot is going to kill the
famed bear holding a shark I'm sure oh
you'll see one day Oh Gilly okay well
thank you very much for your time we'll
just be going then good luck with
killing the bear holding a shark okay
today is day 14 and we appear to have
made a major discovery you can see
around us the scattered remains of what
was probably a boy scout camp or maybe a
cat campground that is at least at least
three people were brutally attacked and
you can see that not a single scrap of
flesh or bone remains
and this is the ferocity of the animal
which we are dealing with and I would
guess by the amount of mold in the
nature and the amount of mold on the
sandwich that I found in the backpack
that this attack happens nearly three
weeks ago so we are almost in bare shark
territory now come with me I'll show you
something else see about maybe 20 25
feet from the cat ground we have an area
of trampled grass and vegetation which
possibly indicates that the bear holding
a shock might have bedded down for the
night here after after devouring the Boy
Scouts savagely I really have to say I
might be changing my outlook on this
whole thing from the signs we've been
seeing I can't say that this could be
anything but what the myths have said it
is it might be even more this is a
fierce killer we're dealing with this
looks awfully familiar it's because
we've been here before we're going in
circles what did you do with the map I
kicked it in the river why the fish
wanted to know how to get to downtown
central station wolfington did you steal
that backpack from the Boy Scout camp
yeah why why not it was that they don't
need it
parents tants come quickly a set of
tracks they're fresh you can see here we
have the unmistakable tracks of a very
very large grizzly you were world anyway
it's like a very very large grizzly and
you can see that the tracks they don't
overlap there's only one set which means
that the bear must have been walking on
its hind legs which bears only do when
they're carrying something what was that
I don't know it was the only sound in
the woods keep your camera rolling he's
close
must be very day
the Bellas
we did are you okay
Oh
nah
and
hey
my name is whirling did you fool that
again okay
mom three hours of me